C:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\HolaMundoMVC.deps.json
C:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\HolaMundoMVC.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\HolaMundoMVC.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\HolaMundoMVC.dll
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\HolaMundoMVC.pdb
C:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\HolaMundoMVC.Views.dll
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\HolaMundoMVC.Views.pdb
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\HolaMundoMVC.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\HolaMundoMVC.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\HolaMundoMVC.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\HolaMundoMVC.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\HolaMundoMVC.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\HolaMundoMVC.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\HolaMundoMVC.TagHelpers.input.cache
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\HolaMundoMVC.TagHelpers.output.cache
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\HolaMundoMVC.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Escuela\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Home\About.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Home\Contact.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Home\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Home\Privacy.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\Error.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_CookieConsentPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_Layout.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_ValidationScriptsPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\_ViewImports.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\_ViewStart.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\HolaMundoMVC.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\HolaMundoMVC.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\HolaMundoMVC.Views.pdb
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\HolaMundoMVC.dll
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\HolaMundoMVC.pdb
C:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\HolaMundoMVC.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\Simple.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Asignatura\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Asignatura\MultiAsignatura.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\ObjetoEscuelaSimple.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Alumno\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Alumno\MultiAlumno.g.cshtml.cs
C:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\ListaObjetoEscuelaSimple.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Curso\Create.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Curso\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Curso\MultiCurso.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Curso\Update.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Asignatura\Create.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Asignatura\Update.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Alumno\Create.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\emvcxsdza\Documents\Curso ASP.NET Core\HolaMundoMVC\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Alumno\Update.g.cshtml.cs
